c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\PongClone.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\PongClone.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\PongClone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\PongClone.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\PongClone.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\player1paddle.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\player2paddle.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bottombumper.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\topbumper.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\georgiaFont.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\blip.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\player1paddle.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\player2paddle.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bottombumper.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\topbumper.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\georgiaFont.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Content\blip.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\PongClone.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\PongClone.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\PongClone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\PongClone.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\PongClone\PongClone\PongClone\obj\x86\Debug\PongClone.pdb
